Add software best practices to this repository (#36)
eucp-project/data-catalogue: README.md

Convection permitting model (CPM) output is also in the process of being added
to ESGF. However, unlike the decadal predictions, these datasets are less
mature and therefore they have not yet found their way into a service like C3S.
Additionally, there is a gap between user requirements and existing
infrastructure solutions. We have run into many obstacles in uploading the data
to ESGF, and even if it was uploaded there, it would still be cumbersome to
download and work with, due to the sheer size and complexity of the data.
Therefore, we started working on a small, preprocessed subset of the data.

‘Ad hoc’ datasets are published in standard open data repositories such as
Zenodo. While this makes them available, they may be difficult to find and
lacking in documentation.

To overcome these limitations this data catalogue was developed. It is
primarily an overview of all data outputs of the project. Hardly any actual
data is hosted on the catalogue itself – instead, it redirects to the original
sources and provides additional context and documentation.

The data catalogue makes it possible to explore pre-generated maps and other

> visualizations through intuitive controls. The underlying data is made
> available via Zenodo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
visualizations through intuitive controls. The underlying data will be made
available via Zenodo.
```
